
ANFA 2018
Salk Institute, La Jolla, California
September 20-22, 2018

ANFA 2018: SHARED BEHAVIORAL OUTCOMES

Call for Presenters:
Building on the tradition established at the ANFA 2012, 2014 and 2016 Conferences, ANFA 2018 will again provide a forum for architects, designers, cognitive scientists, and neuroscientists to focus on empirical research that enhances our understanding of human responses to the built environment. While submissions linking neuroscience and architecture in assessing behavioral outcomes for education, justice-correctional, and healthcare facilities are especially important this year, the ANFA 2018 Conference welcomes presentations on a broad range of themes including but not limited to the following:
The impact on neural, physiological, psychological, and behavior changes.
The role of action and interaction in the user's experience of buildings
The relationship between spaces and memory: wayfinding and exploration
Emotion, empathy and neuroaesthetics in the built environment
The neuroscientific connection to enhancing particular building types such as: Alzheimer's facilities, correctional facilities, laboratories, hospitals, schools, homes, and spiritual spaces
Neuromorphic architecture: the use of brain operating principles to enhance the intelligence of the built environment
Learning from animal research: key findings, translational research, research-based architectural applications. 
Conference Language: English
Abstracts will be accepted until March 16, 2018
Notification of Acceptance or Rejection: May 4, 2018

Mission of the Conference:
The ANFA Conference will explore, from a scientific basis, the range of human experiences that occur in context with elements of architecture, both exterior and interior. 
Communication, knowledge sharing, collaboration, partnership, and integration will set the tone for the three day conference.The goal is to inspire ideas and new alliances that will ignite change and unlock the potential of Neuroscience for Architecture.

Themes:
Possible topics and themes for the ANFA 2018 presentations are unlimited.

Presenting Papers and Posters:
Presentations will be chosen on the basis of abstracts (instructions below). Accepted presentations may be presented orally or as posters. When preparing your abstract, look ahead to how you will present your work. If you are a neuroscientist or cognitive scientist, remember that you must make the neuroscience background clear and relevant to architects; and if you are an architect or within the building design field, make clear how your work in architecture invites the participation of scientists.
The Program Committee will be especially, but not exclusively, receptive to submissions that report on collaborations between an architect and a neuroscientist.

Submitting Abstracts:
Submission Deadline March 16, 2018
Abstracts are to be submitted only via our online form. Preparation of abstracts can begin following the guidelines below:
Title: Provide a clear, concise title that accurately reflects the presentation's content. This will be the official title listed in the program guide. (Limit: 15 words.)
Abstract: Abstracts are crucial to the review and selection process. They must thus be written in clear English that makes sense both to architects and to neuroscientists. It should specify the contribution made by the paper and how the paper relates to the ANFA Conference Mission stated above. Inclusion of references to relevant publications in both neuroscience and architecture is strongly encouraged - since this is the third biennial ANFA conference, we are keen to see to what extent insights into neuroscience for architecture have become cumulative. (Limit: 350 words + References + Figures.)
Author(s): Provide name, title, firm or organization, professional designations, full mailing address, telephone, e-mail address, and (where applicable) URL. Provide a brief biographical narrative for each speaker, spelling out the particular expertise on which the presentation is built. (Limit: 200 words per author.)

Committee Decisions will be Final:
Notification of Acceptance or Rejection: May 4, 2018
The Program Committee will carefully evaluate all abstracts and on that basis make one of three decisions for each submission: Accept for oral presentation, accept for poster presentation, or reject. 
Since the decision may depend as much on the balance of the program as on the quality of the abstract, these decisions will not be open to review.

 
 
 
 
 

